internationalism has taken over in the stem fields I think most of the
stem fields are uniform across the world it could be that there are
more people in certain fields in certain countries but duh it's just
become very international in its outlook so I think most of the stem
fields with which I am familiar are the same from country to country
to country and there's a lot of movement a lot of the people I know
who were good in computer science research are now in Ireland or
Great Britain or Japan my little brother spent about half his career
in China when he worked for a Chinese for so I think there's very
little difference across the world in computer research